Understanding Business Requirements
Workplace Scenario Prompt: 

A diaper manufacturer wants to optimize the manufacturing process by detecting any problems that might lead to a bad quality product early on in the process. For more details on diaper manufacturing you can read the following article.
You are part of a data science consulting company who will help this customer with their request. For this assignment, you need to prepare a business understanding document, and provide the customer with the data requirements that you think are needed to help ensure good quality diapers.
You will submit a document describing your business understanding and data needs. You can use graphs, diagrams, and tables to explain your findings and request. Your submission should be at least 600-800 words. This assignment is the first building block of your milestone projects.

________________


Developing a good diaper depends heavily on multiple steps in the development and quality control processes being within normal range. Most of the steps in creating a diaper can be done well, however if even one step is not conducted correctly, this can make the whole diaper defective. If this happens there is then a loss in materials, a loss in profits, and - if it is not caught before the packaging and distribution step - there is also customer dissatisfaction and negative product reviews that could result. If defective diapers regularly make it to store shelves, then this impacts the overall trust consumers have with the company and any product it produces. To prevent a cascade of negative events from happening, I can analyze data on the diaper production process to catch mistakes and prevent additional loss to the business with the assistance of machine learning. 

For machine learning to begin, I will be needing a variety of columns that captures the process of the diaper production for each diaper created at least in the last year. The more data I am given the better. In addition to the date and time of when one diaper is made, I also need to know the polymer and fiber ratio in the absorbent pad. It is ok if I am only provided the individual polymer and fiber amounts for a diaper, since I can conduct the ratio calculation during my data processing step. 
Another important column to include will be the mass median particle size, since this is significant during the quality control process. I will also need various data points reflective of other steps in the diaper development process. This will most likely include the amounts released by the spray dispensers (dry fibrous materials, polymer and fibrous material, and fiber material) on the conveyor belt for each diaper, the exact amount removed from the roller (that is done to ensure for uniform thickness), and the exact thickness of the diaper at the end of the development process. We can add as many data points as we need to ensure the dataset shows all the main stages of diaper development.
 
The next important data point that is required for a supervised algorithm is the classification of a “defective” and “non-defective” diaper. Since the industry standard of the polymer to fiber ratio is 75:25 to 90:10, any diaper that is created that is not within that ratio range can be deemed “defective”. In addition, if the particle size is less than 400 microns (400 microns and above is the industry standard) then the risk of gel blocking occurs and the diaper is deemed defective as well. While these are good definitions of identifying a defective diaper, it is ideal that each diaper - regardless of its polymer to fiber ratio and particle size - is inspected by an individual at the factory and assessed whether it is defective or not. This is because it is possible a diaper that is less than 400 micros can be a “non-defective” diaper if close enough to the threshold. This holds true for the polymer to fiber ratio as well. 

        Once these classifications are final, then I can work with the dataset to clean and standardize the columns. The next step would be identifying which column(s) have the strongest relationship or correlation with the classification column. Depending on the models results, it is possible that we may need to revisit this step and require more data points than I have originally requested in this document. I will also rely on the Business Partner’s expertise and the advice from subject matter experts to determine whether all key variables are included in the dataset. It is normal for this step to be an iterative process until we have the exact data points we need to make a machine learning model that will satisfy business goals.